back what kinds of crazy things
happening but in the fear fright and
hysteria that's going on out there we
got to look after our helped at all
times one of the leading experts in the
world and biomedical innovation aka the
PhD of the pros dr. John Jack which
joins us today Jonathan thanks for
having me really - yes great so yeah
here you got all kinds of weapons it
looks like exercise gear yes we already
but well it's probably the most
approachable exercise gear that
anybody's ever seen but it also works
better than regular weight training
because the problem with regular weight
training and the reason why so many
people don't engage in it and fail at it
is that we overload joints and under
load muscle any strong people you guys
know probably complain about joint pain
stronger you get the more you load the
joint
whereas I developed a system which was
based on a medical device I created so
this is like a 600 plus pound like in a
deadlift format band that hooks to this
bar and then has a plate on the ground
so that you can do like a deadlift you
can throw that around your back and do a
chest press but it's the world's
strongest variable resistance that's not
like that no you'll tear your coat doing
that though yeah like right now you'll
tear your coat you know what was a dress
for but what what you do is you double
that thing over and throw it through the
hooks and then as you push away so when
I do a chest press I'm holding 540
pounds here 300 pounds here and a
hundred pounds here okay which delivers
the strongest amount of variable
resistance to trigger more muscular
growth so this this will really replace
weightlifting is the ultimate here
yeah as the ultimate way to trigger the
human body for adaptation yeah it's not
like no yeah it's aluminum on the
outside and solid steel
not no no no that's no okay no no no I
love the weight training willing to
submit if you wish to try and some with
you at some point see if it has any
effect on me it will it'll get harder
Shay didn't know anything could happen
but you had some interesting insights in
our last couple minutes here on the
coronavirus yeah it's really happening
there what's that what's causing this
well so of what we know about the corona
virus right now it is fecal transference
so meaning we need to have poor
sanitation right to be able to transfer
to other people now that doesn't mean we
know everything about it but that also
means that countries with poor
sanitation the chances of spreading it
are greater countries with great
sanitation like this one for example and
Italy I better Italy will get a handle
on this very easily now we have other
diseases that transfer like that
hepatitis and and e-coli they transfer
like that so yes those things do happen
but they're not epidemics got it yeah
these things my feeling is that these
things tend to fizzle out after three or
four months and they get under control
yeah and I I really appreciate you
coming down we got to do is it's got to
set up a day well we can get you in from
what time yeah you gotta take me through
all the places of what kind of exercises
I can do it sure really anything but
this is going to revolutionize the
weightlifting industry and I think
weights are actually gonna go away
because what I can demonstrate and I did
this with a medical device I developed
10 years ago to treat osteoporosis it's
the strongest effective bone density
it's ever been created and so if the
science from not went into this and it
really shows that weight lifting is
incredibly inefficient because we need
variable resistance to match our
variable capability you you are much
weaker here than you are here any of you
watch little kids do push-ups you know
they they cheat and they do this for a
reason it's because they're powerful
here you're weak here right right so why
don't we leverage the body's
biomechanical cape
and get a better effect guys and this is
both for male and female yeah I mean
that looks like a great process it'll
look just like me with it oh it's going
out for my sponsors and friends over at
invest view we're gonna come back with
US trade adviser Tom keel from
Kingsbridge strategies quick break back
at you right after this John thing